# KoAuth
KoAuth is a robust, embeddable two-factor authentication(TFA) framework.

## Features
* Server to handle HTTP requests from mobile and web client.
* Web client demo.
* Android client for pairing with account. 
* Supports MongoDB.

## Installsssssss
To run and/or modify the Go server, you'll need [Go](https://golang.org/).

To run and/or modify the Android client code, you'll need [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/index.html).

## Usage
KoAuth is used to provide simple TFA, adding an additional layer of security to any authentication process.

The authentication process effectively binds a user's email to their mobile device.
sssdasd
## Server 
Go server handles incoming HTTP requests.
Routes include:
* Registering a new user.
* Serial validation from mobile input.
* Key validation from web input.
* Returning a randomly generating keyt.

## Client
Web client demo is provided. 

The client code is used to facilitate user registration with KoAuth using an identifier (uses email currently), as well as consume and validate key input required for authentication.


## Mobile Client (Android)
First time launch will require setting a user serialization id (generated by a custom server or by the auth server) to properly receive pokes from the server.

When poked, interface displays a (server generated) key that user will be required to enter into an online form for your brand (not provided).

## Mobile Client (iOS) 
Not currently available.

## License
KoAuth is licensed under the [MIT license](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License).
